
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                84346958000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                1237548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 822160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1602980                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    80.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1043831696                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     129528977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.084347                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 84346958000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5618465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     129528977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     43799664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43799664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     43777439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        43777439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          656                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           656                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.858560                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.858560                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3982                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3982                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      7217742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7217742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      7148870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7148870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        68872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        68872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     51017406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51017406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     50926309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         50926309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        91097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          91097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     51022044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51022044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     50926965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        50926965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        95079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         95079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  94055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            536.627899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        102139167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1019.777201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             95079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         102139167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1019.777201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            51022044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              1000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        92521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             92521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    43804302                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            79                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7217742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139165060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139162993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139162993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139165060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139162993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139162993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139165060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139162993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139162993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          67327.073053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278332187                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   902.163587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.881019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.881019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          904                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278332187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           902.163587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139165060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139165060                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        168694037                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  168694037                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             37965525                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            52208604                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5138085                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5707232                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5707232                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4658546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4885667                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      316251                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             125550615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    125550615                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           294168937                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          114123331                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    43803355                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      51021029                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7217674                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                350171      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  73095134     56.43%     56.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   134101      0.10%     56.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1267028      0.98%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 1914697      1.48%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      450      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   162810      0.13%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      204      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   180752      0.14%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  401209      0.31%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    110      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              339759      0.26%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              545692      0.42%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               63421      0.05%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              52410      0.04%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 42319788     32.67%     93.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6838361      5.28%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1483567      1.15%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             379313      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  129528977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2067                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            649                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                649                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.686018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.686018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1418                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1418                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         68872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             68872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             65330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 65330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.051429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            3542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         26207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         24627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             24627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1580                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1580                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1162                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1162                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1162                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1162                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        92521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        92521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        92521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            92521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             2067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            95079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                97146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                89957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    90606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.686018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.053871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.067321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               5122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            2067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           95079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               97146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               89957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   90606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.686018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.053871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.067321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              5122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                            773                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     28.299147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   199159                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      70.323231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      1087.737797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      3947.013082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.004292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.066390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.240907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.311589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          6023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.367615                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      6796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    199159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  5105.074110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      192321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 100                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       100                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1075937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1075937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst           1075937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data           3886424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               4962360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks          75877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst          1075937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data          3886424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              5038237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks          75877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                75877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        90752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         90752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          90752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         327808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             418560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks         6400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            6400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data            5122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                6540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            384.000003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  84346958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          32389232160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            32389232160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            384.000003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  84346958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          32389232160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            32389232160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        13443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        13443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       424960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       424960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  424960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6540    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          363                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6903                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2998                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       284213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                289510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       206720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12006400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               12213120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84346958000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                      6400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            97919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004626                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.067860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  97466     99.54%     99.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    453      0.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              97919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        95218                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          452                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       192364                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            452                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                             773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             28274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        92521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            68872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           68872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26207                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
