
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110141774000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 184441                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 838268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   334082                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   542.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              203146273                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181132362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110142                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110141774000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383462                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181132362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14667118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14667118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14659263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14659263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          7855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70479062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70479062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     37320469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       37320469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.470474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.470474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     33158593                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     33158593                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85146180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85146180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     51979732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         51979732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.389524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     33166448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       33166448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85146180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85146180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     51979732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        51979732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.389524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     33166448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      33166448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               33158256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              2.567238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        203458808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8119.758784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          33166448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         203458808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          8119.758784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85146180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              1000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     33156727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          33156727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14667118                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         13023                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70479062                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130919                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139151228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139151228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139087628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139087628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        63600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         63600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139151228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139151228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139087628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139087628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        63600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          63600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139151228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139151228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139087628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139087628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        63600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         63600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  59950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           2187.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278366056                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2215.384621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.540865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.540865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3650                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.891113                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             63600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278366056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2215.384621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139151228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        59950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             59950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139151228                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        220283589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  220283589                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390453                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331496                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357188                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66072741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66072741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66100637                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481504                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180944857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180944857                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393183356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97346381                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14666423                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85145460                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70479037                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16789      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95765984     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79937      0.04%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14663754      8.10%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4443621      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66035416     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181132362                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63600                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          63600                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              58260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083962                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.083962                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5340                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5340                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data      33158593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          33158593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               944                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   944                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data        33157649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            33157649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          7855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          1130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.856143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.856143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         6725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        59950                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        59950                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        59950                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            59950                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     33156727                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     33156727                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     33156727                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         33156727                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            63600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         33166448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             33230048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                58260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 2074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    60334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.083962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.999937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               5340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data           33164374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               33169714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           63600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33166448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            33230048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst               58260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                2074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   60334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.083962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.999937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              5340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data          33164374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              33169714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                       33111802                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        63584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.002811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 99625592                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    1107.039524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       805.201511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     61920.180068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.016892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.012286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.944827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  33177338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  99625592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 63832.421103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    66447952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            33099772                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  33099772                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       775727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           775727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            775727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data        4817699631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            4818475359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks     4808315072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           775727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data       4817699631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           9626790431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks     4808315072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           4808315072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        85440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         85440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          85440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      530629984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          530715424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529596352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529596352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            5340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data        33164374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            33169714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     33099772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           33099772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            384.000003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110141774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          42294441600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            42294441600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            384.000003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110141774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          42294441600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            42294441600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     99440488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     99440488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               99440488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1060311776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1060311776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1060311776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33169714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                33169714    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33169714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     33101060                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      66270774                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33099772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          33157649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         33157649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12065                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       187150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     99491152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              99678302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1976800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1061170800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1063147600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110141774000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529596352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         66341850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012901                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               66330806     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  11044      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           66341850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     33218206                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11044                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     66448254                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          11044                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                        33111802                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             71455                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33156727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        59950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         33158593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        33158593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         63600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7855                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
