
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               113801657000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 478994                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 844732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   912673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   208.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              545101720                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     190540013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.113802                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                113801657000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          24000862                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     190540013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     21169017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21169017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     21126722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21126722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        42295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         42295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu.data      9487157                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      9487157                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu.data      9104246                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      9104246                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040361                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.040361                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu.data       382911                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       382911                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4388744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4388744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      4376705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4376705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     35044918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     35044918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     34607673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34607673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       437245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         437245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     35044918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     35044918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     34607673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34607673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       437245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        437245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 420861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             80.149385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70527081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16258.704154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            437245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70527081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16258.704154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            35044918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              1000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       414583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            414583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    21169017                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         23040                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    13875901                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    137063333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    137063333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    137060698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       137060698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    137063333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    137063333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    137060698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        137060698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    137063333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    137063333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    137060698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       137060698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     96                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          52016.445161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        274129301                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2522.983263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.307981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.307981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.309937                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         274129301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2522.983263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           137063333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   137063333                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        227603345                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  227603345                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            122908801                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            61435550                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     19459895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1569268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1569268                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2390880                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1344572                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1953962                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             188722357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    188722357                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           361778342                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          151141388                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    21042616                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      34870729                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   13828113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                510686      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 153440953     80.53%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   472547      0.25%     81.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        28      0.00%     81.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   99508      0.05%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       98      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   224452      0.12%     81.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  921012      0.48%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 20818172     10.93%     92.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                13827873      7.26%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              224444      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                240      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  190540013                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    98                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu.data       382911                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        382911                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu.data            39                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total                39                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999898                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.999898                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu.data       382872                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          382872                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2635                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2635                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996205                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.996205                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2625                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2625                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         12039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           12036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               12036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         42295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          8858                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              8858                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.790566                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.790566                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        33437                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           33437                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks           96                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           96                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks           96                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               96                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       414583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       414583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       414583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           414583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             2635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            54334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                56969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 8861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.996205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.836916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.844284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               2625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              45473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  48098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            2635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           54334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               56969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                8861                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.996205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.836916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.844284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              2625                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             45473                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 48098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                         313087                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        23716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        84340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.124353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1284750                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   92418.668849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       441.076397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     12586.375190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.705098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.003365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.096026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.804490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        110787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845238                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    423913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1284750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 105446.120436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      476628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              304143                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    304143                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       184532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           184532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            184532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data           3196649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               3381181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       21380567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           184532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data          3196649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             24761748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       21380567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             21380567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        21000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          21000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         363784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             384784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks      2433144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2433144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            2625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data           45473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               48098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       304143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             304143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            384.000002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 113801657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          43699836480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            43699836480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            384.000002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 113801657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          43699836480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            43699836480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1168057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1168057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1168057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2817928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2817928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2817928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            430970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  430970    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              430970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       306117                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        737087                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       304143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         36062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        382872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       382872                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1295351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1300717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3751336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3773184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113801657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2433144                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           752967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.011032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.104454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 744660     98.90%     98.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8307      1.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             752967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       420957                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8307                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       860837                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8307                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                          313087                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             44930                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       414583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           96                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        42295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       382911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       382911                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
